# SpotifyUnlocked
**spotifyunlocked.com**

With almost 500 spotify playlists that I actively used, I think it's safe to assume that I am a spotify addict. While I love spotify, there are some features I wish could be implemented. That is the goal of spotifyunlocked.pythonanywhere.com. I want to create all the features that I wish existed in the app.
# First Goal
If you couldn't tell already I have a mild addiciton to making playlists. Vast majority of the time, I throw all my songs into one playlist, then at some later date, I spend hours searching through the playlist to create the perfect, chill, car, or workout playlists. The goal of this first project is to automate that. First you enter a playlist from your library, then enter the vibe of the sub playlist you want to create, finally enter a new playlist name and then click create. This program will scroll through your playlist and determine which songs best fit "the vibe" you want using a mini algorithm that I wrote, then will add them to this new playlist
# Improvements
I want to make it where there selection of the playlist is a scrollable form. It can be difficult to remember exactly what your playlist is called and this will simply the process. Secound I want to make it where you can enter one main playlist that you want to make a subplaylist out of, then enter in another playlist you already have and the program will automatically find all the songs from your main playlist that fit the vibe of your new playlist. Third, I want to improve the UI
# Potential New Features
On the site you will notice a bunch of different tabs that do not do anything but I want to build those out into their own seperate entities. I want one tab dedicated to displaying playlist statistics like average bpm, top genres, average popularity, and etc. I want another tab dedicated to shuffling playlists. I have a major issue with spotify's shuffling algorithm. Sometimes I am in the mood for a high energy song and everything I get on the shuffle are chill songs. I want to create a shuffler that will shuffle your playlist based on whatever metric you want. Then I want to expand on the create page which I have now. I want to add a bunch of different ways of creating playlists.
